H-600, H-618, H-91: Add `hash.dev/docs` section (#2768)
hashintel/hash: apps/hashdotdev/src/_pages/docs/10_contributing/01_architecture.mdx

- **Instance Admin:** relevant in the context of self-hosting HASH, instance admins are users with the ability to perform instance-wide moderation and updates, or to change certain settings.
- **Web:** a web is a namespace within an instance that contains **entities** and **types**.
- **User:** a single account on an instance, corresponding to a real person, which can be logged into via the HASH application interface.
- **User Group:** a collectively addresable group of users on an instance.
- **Block:** an instance of a block
- **Page:** a user-created page within a web containing any number of blocks. All pages MUST be either a:
  1. **Document:** a linear page, whose blocks appear in one or more columns
  1. **Canvas:** a freeform page, whose blocks can be dragged-and-dropped anywhere
- **File:** a binary object stored as a single entity. Files MAY have a more specific system-recognized sub-type (e.g. `Image File`), extending the range of ways in which they can be used in HASH.

> ### System Components
> 
> Each instance of HASH relies on various subsystems. More information about each of these, as well as the corresponding code, can be found in the `hash-` prefixed subdirectories within [`apps`](https://github.com/hashintel/hash/tree/main/apps) (in our [`@hashintel/hash` public monorepo](https://github.com/hashintel)):
> 
> - **Authentication system:** based on Ory Kratos, handles user accounts and sessions
> - **Authorization system** based on SpiceDB, extends a Zanzibar-like way of providing permissionsed access to information
> - **Execution system:** based on Temporal, powers **flows**
> - **Datastore(s):** currently Postgres, with planned support for additional specialized backends for selectively storing/offloading specific kinds of data (e.g. timeseries, financial/accounting) and queries (e.g. full-text/vector search)
> - **Blobstore(s):** currently supportive of S3-compatible APIs (with Cloudflare R2 utilized by default), with planned for support for file-type specific handlers (e.g. Cloudflare Images for images, Cloudflare Stream for video)
> - **Application backend:** written in Rust, with Node.js middleware, coordinates the activity of all other components
>   - **HASH Graph:** a query layer that sits on top of the datastore(s)
>   - **Realtime service:** a view over the datastore(s) that allows services to subscribe to realtime updates on entities.
>   - **Loader service:** loads the change-stream published by the realtime service into other systems
>   - **Notification service:** manages the sending of in-app web and mobile push notifications, emails, SMS/MMS messages
> - **Application frontend:** built atop Next.js, utilizing ProseMirror for text-editing, tldraw for canvas editing, and the Block Protocol for blocks

Reviewer: I think this section is most relevant for people understanding where and how they can contribute, so I've redrafted it with that in mind.
```suggestion
### System Components

Each instance of HASH relies on a number of components. Opportunities for contribution will mainly arise in the key internally-written applications:
- **HASH Graph** (`apps/hash-graph`): a Rust application which manages interaction with the datastore and authorization service, and exposes a REST API to other components of the system for creating, updating and querying types, entities, and permission-related records. The Graph has no knowledge of particular types, and is solely responsible for providing consumers with the ability to build and query a graph. 
- **Node API** (`apps/hash-api`): a Node.js/TypeScript application which is mainly responsible for authenticating users and passing requests between them and the Graph, and servicing the particular queries the frontend relies on. It exposes a GraphQL API, as well as some other endpoints related to file upload and retrieval, and external integration authentication and synchronization.
- **Temporal workers** (`apps/*worker*`): Node.js applications registered with a [Temporal](https://temporal.io/) server, which can be called by other components of the system to run workflows for background, scheduled or long-running jobs. Heavily used by AI-inference features.
- **Frontend** (`apps/hash-frontend`): a Next.js/TypeScript frontend for the HASH workspace application. It provides a graphical interface for users to build their own web through the creation of types and entities, as well as reporting on the results of automated web-building jobs (e.g. intergrations, AI inference).
- **Browser plugin** (`apps/plugin-browser`): a React/TypeScript browser extension which allows users to configure the AI-enabled creation of entities as they browse the web.
- **Realtime service:** a stream of changes in the datastore(s) that allows services to subscribe to realtime updates on entities and types.

We also make use of third-party open-source applications:
- **Authentication system:** based on Ory Kratos, handles user accounts and sessions. Managed by the Node API.
- **Authorization system** based on SpiceDB, extends a Zanzibar-like way of providing permissionsed access to information. Managed by the Graph.
- **Execution system:** based on Temporal, powers **flows**
- **Datastore(s):** currently Postgres, with planned support for additional specialized backends for selectively storing/offloading specific kinds of data (e.g. timeseries, financial/accounting) and queries (e.g. full-text/vector search). Managed by the Graph.
- **Blobstore(s):** currently supportive of S3-compatible APIs (with Cloudflare R2 utilized by default), with planned for support for file-type specific handlers (e.g. Cloudflare Images for images, Cloudflare Stream for video). Managed by the Node API.

More information about each of these, as well as the corresponding code, can be found in the `hash-` prefixed subdirectories within [`apps`](https://github.com/hashintel/hash/tree/main/apps) (in our [`@hashintel/hash` public monorepo](https://github.com/hashintel)):
```

- **Temporal workers** (`apps/*worker*`): Node.js applications registered with a [Temporal](https://temporal.io/) server, which can be called by other components of the system to run workflows for background, scheduled or long-running jobs. Heavily used by AI-inference features.
- **Frontend** (`apps/hash-frontend`): a Next.js/TypeScript frontend for the HASH workspace application. It provides a graphical interface for users to build their own web through the creation of types and entities, as well as reporting on the results of automated web-building jobs (e.g. intergrations, AI inference).
- **Browser plugin** (`apps/plugin-browser`): a React/TypeScript browser extension which allows users to configure the AI-enabled creation of entities as they browse the web.
- **Realtime service:** a stream of changes in the datastore(s) that allows services to subscribe to realtime updates on entities and types.

We also make use of third-party open-source applications as part of:

> - **Authentication system:** based on Ory Kratos, handles user accounts and sessions. Managed by the Node API.

Author: Yes, I think so, @CiaranMn

> - **Authentication system:** based on Ory Kratos, handles user accounts and sessions. Managed by the Node API.

Author: Addressed in https://github.com/hashintel/hash/pull/2768/commits/5a392598b81dcb01d8840c8b94700ad3612278f6
